docs(documentation) Add search, theme, pagination, fix sidebar (#494)
johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS: packages/bodiless-documentation/doc/Development/README.md

# Development

> This section describes how to develop with the BodilessJS system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'Development' section provides information for site builders and developers on how to work within the BodilessJS system.
```
